New NorthOffsetFrame Example from function example (#4709)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4709.doc.rst

> Moved the example for NorthOffsetFrame out of its docstring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created a new gallery example for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.
```

> Created a new gallery example for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Created the new gallery example :ref:`sphx-glr-generated-gallery-units-and-coordinates-north-offset-frame-py` for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.
```
Explicitly link the the gallery example

> Created the new gallery example :ref:`sphx-glr-generated-gallery-units-and-coordinates-north-offset-frame-py` for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Created the new gallery example :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_units_and_coordinates_north_offset_frame_py` for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.
```
Oops, I mistakenly suggested hyphens instead of underscores

> Created the new gallery example :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_units_and_coordinates_north_offset_frame_py` for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Created the new gallery example :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_units_and_coordinates_north_offset_frame.py` for `~sunpy.coordinates.NorthOffsetFrame`.
```
Oops again.  Sorry I keep mucking up this suggestion.  This time I have actually tested it first.
